Lesson 10 Homework
Agile Techniques

Scrum Ceremonies
- Sprint
A Sprint (aka iteration or timebox) is the basic unit of development in Scrum.
The length is agreed and fixed in advance each sprint and is normally between 1-4 weeks.

1. Sprint planning
Each Sprint starts with Sprint Planning, which is an event where a sprint goal is agreed and a sprint backlog is created.
The sprint backlog is extracted from the product backlog, which will be the decided work for the upcoming sprint.

2. Product backlog refinement
This is the ongoing process of reviewing and amending/updating/re-ordering product backlog items in light of new
information.
Refinement means tht items are appropriately prepared and ordered in a way that makes them clear and executable for the
development team for sprint planning.

3. Daily Scrum
Each day during a Sprint, facilitated by the ScrumMaster, involving the development team and possibly the product owner,
 hold a daily scrum (or Stand Up).
The focus is on three areas:
 - What have you completed?
 - What will you be working on?
 - What are your impediments?
The Daily Scrum is usually limited to 15 minutes.

4. Sprint review
At the end of each Sprint is a Sprint Review, which details the progress shown to stakeholders to elicit the feedback.
Presents a demonstration of the completed work, the implication of incomplete work, receiving suggestions/guidance for
upcoming work.
NOTE: Incomplete work should not be demonstrated, although stakeholders should be presented with product increments.

5. Sprint retrospective
At the end of each Sprint is a Sprint Retrospective, which identifies lessons and improvements for the next sprint. (SWOT? 5Ws?)
The focus that should be considered are:
 - What went well during the sprint?
 - What did not go well during the sprint?
 - What could we do differently the next sprint?

Scrum Roles
1. ScrumMaster
Scrum is facilitated by a Scrum Master, as such that person is accountable for establishing Scrum, helping all
participants understand Scrum theory and practice as well as the Scrum Team's effectiveness.

2. Product Owner
The Product Owner represents the product's stakeholders as well as speaking on behalf of the customer. They are
responsible for delivering good business results.
The Product owner is accountable for the product backlog and views the product from a customer-centric outcome
(typically but not limited to user-end)

3. Development Team
The Development Team carry out all the work require to build incremental value each sprint.
The team consists of anyone who play a role in the development and support of the product or software (such as
researchers, architects, designers, analysts, etc.)
They are responsible for reviewing items in the spring backlog, participating in Sprint rounds to deliver.